README.markdown, before:


PrivateSky core GitHub public repository. Based on Axiologic's work on a new execution engine for swarms.
Still very beta, for the next months this reposity will be used for coordination between partners.

How should be used for third party applications or by external contributors :
- clone it
- add your list of modules and libraries in release or in other folder
- run the build system
- execute engine/launcher.js


For security and code quality reasons all the integration here and releases will be performed manually by a very small core of developers (Sinica and Cosmin)!

The stable releases will be merged periodically  https://github.com/Axiologic/swarm-engine or will be branched.
https://github.com/PrivateSky/privatesky  is unnstable and is developed in master branch. Use it just as a preview for the newer releases. 

The documentation is not ready for large public (only for parteners)  but if you want access,please send an email to abss@axiologic.ro 

Current Release: 0.1.0 (Unstable)

Commit message:

builder script for libraries and modules

README.markdown, after:


PrivateSky core GitHub public repository. Based on Axiologic's work on a new execution engine for swarms.
Still very beta, for the next months this repository will be used for coordination between partners.

How should be used for third party applications or by external contributors :
- clone it
- add your list of modules and libraries in release or in other folder
- config and execute builder.js
- execute engine/launcher.js


For security and code quality reasons all the integration here and releases will be performed manually by a very small core of developers (Sinica and Cosmin)!

The stable releases will be merged periodically  https://github.com/Axiologic/swarm-engine or will be branched.
https://github.com/PrivateSky/privatesky  is unstable and is developed in master branch. Use it just as a preview for the newer releases.

The documentation is not ready for large public (only for partners)  but if you want access,please send an email to abss@axiologic.ro

Current Release: 0.1.0 (Unstable)
